TtM README file.
________________

This package contains the C source distribution of TtM, a TeX to
(HTML and) MathML translator.

TtM is based on the highly successful TtH TeX to HTML translator. But
instead of using HTML tables for rendering mathematics, TtM uses
MathML presentation tags, embedded inside the <math> .... </math>
construct.

License
_______

TtM is copyright (c) Ian Hutchinson, 1999-2002 (hutch@psfc.mit.edu).

Purchase of this package entitles you to install and use TtM subject
to the conditions of the type of license governing the purchase as follows:

1) Personal License: TtM may be installed and executed on any computer
used primarily by the individual licensee, but not on servers or
specifically multiuser systems, or computers primarily used by others.

2) Site License: TtM may be installed and executed on any computer
located within the bounds of a facility or campus operated by a single
company or institute whose total extent is no greater than 3 km.

3) Academic Licenses: A personal academic license is valid for use by
an individual for applications whose purposes are predominantly
educational. An academic site license is valid for a site whose
purposes are predominantly educational.

The TtM code may not be redistributed in any form.

No warranty of fitness for any purpose whatever is given, intended, or
implied.

You use this software entirely at your own risk.  If you choose to use
TtM, by your actions you acknowledge that any direct or consequential
damage whatever is your responsibility, and not the copyright holder's.


Installation
____________

When you have the package downloaded on to your own disk,
extract the archive by executing 
	tar xzf ttmC.tar.gz
from the command line.

Enter the directory constructed, where you will find the extracted files
	cd ttmC

If you are on a Linux or other UNIX system, install the program
executables by executing from the command line
	make
and as root
	make install
This will copy files to appropriate directories. The directory
/usr/local/bin should be on users' path.

Alternatively, the steps carried out by ttminstall can be done by
hand: compile the program by something like
	cc -o ttm ttm.c
and copy ttm to somewhere on your path.

Running TtM
___________

Run TtM translation in the following ways; 

either from the command line type the command line:
	ttm >outputfile.html <inputfile.tex [switches]

or from the command line type 
	ttm inputfile [switches]

In the first case you can call the output file anything you want.  In
the last two cases an HTML file with the extension .html will be
created.

Icons are provided for installation under popular graphical user interfaces.

Remember, MathML is not supported by any of the versions of the
popular browsers up to (NS 4.7 or IE 5.1). Therefore they will not
render the results of your translations. 

As a courtesy to our customers we include a script file ps2gif.  It
will be called automatically by TtM when given the -e1 or -e2
switches. However, ps2gif depends on your having a number of other
utilities on your computer. Most standard linux installations have
these utilities. Therefore, although we can take no responsibility
whatsoever for the utility of ps2gif, it will usually work. Similarly 
the script latex2gif which depends on ps2gif and LaTeX will usually work
but again we cannot take responsibility for it.